Sentry Metrics Note (#9725)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/performance/metrics.mdx

description: "Learn more about Sentry's Performance metrics such as Apdex, failure rate, throughput, and latency, and the user experience insights about your application that they provide."
---

<Note>

> There is also now Sentry metrics, currently in close beta. Learn more [here](https://docs.sentry.io/product/metrics/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are looking to try out custom metrics (currently in beta), you can learn more [here](https://docs.sentry.io/product/metrics/)
```
